hey guys welcome back to the Lucy and
Wyatt vampire hunter show thanks for all
your help and some of the links that you
said we're actually really awesome yeah
we basically look through like every
single vampire website and book known a
man for like last three days it's really
boring and who would have thought that
it'd be this boring that's a crossbow
who wants one I do okay but we can't
rush into anything vampires are very
dangerous so we need to be prepared what
are you drinking it's is a garlic
smoothie ed you know that the whole
garlic is just like a stupid myth right
yeah you know I just really liked it
there is this website here that has an
old legend about a vampire named Gideon
have to do ty staked he says he was born
in the seventeen hundreds and he's like
second in command of his clan so I'm
thinking that has to be the same guy
right because how many random vampires
named Gideon can there be and if it is
how awesome is it that Wyatt kill such
an old and powerful vampire OS first
crack yes kind of like nothing you did a
good job oh no no no no no no cameras we
try it but look we get so many more
views when we make out with each other
yeah but your breath it's really bad
right now let's practice your technique
get prepared ladies and gentlemen for
the greatest show on earth to do Soul
Train time here we go all right ready
there tell me
you know you're doing the clothes wrong
actually yeah you just sit you're
supposed to throw like that yeah that's
good yeah so actually with fruit
last one Wow okay we're done for today
oops oh you can't practice in one
altitude don't need to practice anymore
I worked really so why is kind of messed
this whole thing up if you have any more
tips on hunting vampires anything we've
them in the comment section gonna take
care of this problem here don't touch it
so what